Refunding Bonds

1. Selling Bonds: After two years of this law starting, any bank that wants to stop using some of its money notes can ask the U.S. Treasurer to sell special U.S. bonds to help them do that.

2. Buying Bonds: Every three months, the Treasurer will tell the Federal Reserve System about these requests. The Federal Reserve can decide to make the banks buy these bonds, but they can only buy up to $25 million each year.

3. Sharing Bonds: The Federal Reserve will share the bonds with each bank based on how much money they have compared to all the banks together.

4. Payment: When the Treasurer tells a bank how many bonds were sold, that bank has to give those bonds to the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve will pay the bank for the bonds, but they will keep some money to pay off any old notes that the bank has.

5. Notes from Federal Reserve: The Federal Reserve can make new money notes that are equal to the value of the bonds they bought.

6. Bonds and Money Notes: When a Federal Reserve bank gives certain types of U.S. money to the U.S. Treasurer, it can get back special money notes. These notes are like money that can be used all over the country. The amount of these notes can be equal to the value of the U.S. money they gave. If they give other types of notes, they can only get back a little less than the full value. The Secretary of the Treasury makes the rules for how these notes work, and they have to pay taxes like other bank notes. The Federal Reserve banks must pay back any money spent to make these special notes.

7. Changing Bonds for New Notes: If a Federal Reserve bank asks, the Secretary of the Treasury can change some old U.S. bonds into new one-year notes and thirty-year bonds. The bank has to promise to buy back the same amount of notes when they are due.

8. Making New Treasury Notes: To help with the exchange, the Secretary of the Treasury can make new Treasury notes that are worth a hundred dollars or more. These notes will earn interest and can be paid back in gold.
